July 22, 2006 
Woops! The new feature listed on June 24 was not implemented correctly. Basically only Admins of the site got to see the cool new feature. Everyone else probably got some weird results. I've fixed it so now everyone should be able to view the price history.

June 24, 2006 
I've noticed Amazon alters the price of their items quite frequently so I added a new feature that lets you track these changes. The format of the price of an item will look like $21.99 if Amazon has changed its price since it was added to the list. You can click on the price and a window will open displaying the historical prices Amazon has charged for that item.

January 02, 2006 
 You will now see a link labeled [del] next to each item and category on your list. This link allows you to delete the item or category directly from your lists homepage. 

April 09, 2005
 You will see the following at the top of your list 
  [add]	 Click the link to the left to add a comment to the top of your list for others to see


 You might use this to make a general comment about the items on your list such as, "The items listed on this page are only suggestions, I would be happy with any present I receive". Once added, you will be able to edit and/or delete the comment.

April 08, 2005
 Added a help page to the WishList Site. There is now a link labeled Help in the upper right hand corner of each page. The help page contains answers to frequently asked questions regarding the WishList Site. 

December 15, 2004
 Now when you add a new item to a category you will see a button called Perform Amazon Lookup next to the input box for Link 1. If you want to add an item from amazon, all you have to do is copy and paste the amazon url for the item into Link 1 URL and then click Perform Amazon Lookup. The WishList Site will then automatically fill in the Title, Description, and Price for you. 

 Even easier, if you placed the Add to Wishlist Button link to your bookmarks then you can simply click on that while you are visiting the item you want at amazon and the WishList Site will fill everything in for you. 

November 30, 2004
 There is now a button labeled "Send Update Notification" located in the left hand menu of the "Modify WishList" portion of the site. Clicking on the button will open a new window where you can compose and send an email to every person who can view your list. The emails that are sent will appear to have originated directly from your email address.

November 7, 2004
 Added a new category call "Items Under Consideration". Items you place in this category will not be visible to the people who can view your list so you can use it to store items you are considering for inclusion. If you decide you do want an item in this category to be visible to everyone else, simply move it to another category (i.e. click [edit] for the item you want to move and then select the desired category in the drop down box) 

August 18, 2004
 You can now compose and send email to other WishList users directly from the WishList Site. To use this new feature, rollover someone's name on the homepage and then click E-mail. 

August 16, 2004
 The waving santa graphic is gone (at least until xmas). The image in the upper left hand corner of the home page will now change with the seasons. Eventually the Season Greetings graphics will change as well. 

August 14, 2004
You will no longer see [Undo] next to an item when you check it off a list. The algorithm I was using did not work in certain situations and had to be changed. I may reintroduce this feature in the future. 

Note: you can still view (and delete) your purchases by clicking on a list's purchase log. 
Your name will now appear on the homepage along with the other people's lists you can view. If you click on your name you will be asked to confirm that you really want to view your own list. This feature could be helpful if you want to know who bought what on your list. If you don't want to see you name on the homepage, goto Manage List Access and remove your name. 

Note: you will not be able to see comments people have left on your list. 

August 13, 2004
You will now be alerted if new comments have been added to a list since the last time you viewed it 
Can now assign people read only access to your list 

August 12, 2004
 Can now star items you really want. There is an additional checkbox on the Add New Item and Edit Item pages. 
Can now add someone to view your list if you know their userid or their email address. 
Can view someone elses list if you know their userid (before it was just their email) 

August 11, 2004
Created seperate page for managing list access (click Manage List Access under Update Account) with the following functionality: 
Can now selectively choose who can view your contact information such as address and phone. 
Changed method for gaining access to other people's lists. You can choose to view someone elses list if you know their email address. 
Can now choose to stop viewing someone elses list. 

August 10, 2004
Items can now be moved to different categories. This can be helpful if you accidently insert an item into the wrong category. Click [edit] for the item you want to move and then select the desired category in the drop down box. 
New users can sign up for accounts 

August 08, 2004
Additional information can now be added to categories (will be displayed under the category heading) 

